.TH PPPOAT 8 "2019-06-02" "PPP over Any Transport"
.SH NAME
PPPoAT \- a modular tool for building point-to-point tunnels.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pppoat
[OPTION]... [CONF]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
PPPoAT builds a tunnel over various transports and provides well-known
interfaces for applications. Main purpose of the tool is to connect two
hosts when it is not possible in usual ways.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI "\-h, \-\-help"
Show help.
.TP
.BI "\-c, \-\-config="FILE
Read configuration from the file.
.TP
.BI "\-i, \-\-interface="NAME
Use interface module with the specified name.
.TP
.BI "\-t, \-\-transport="NAME
Use transport module with the specified name.
.TP
.BI "\-s, \-\-server"
Some transport or interface modules work with client-server model.
This option must be set on the server side.
.TP
.BI "\-l, \-\-list"
Print list of supported modules.
.TP
.BI "\-v, \-\-verbose"
Print debug messages.
.SH CONFIGURATION
Configuration is a list of key-values separated by '='.
Each module may have own specific configuration.
Please, refer to the module specific documentation or examples.

Configuration files have INI format.
.SH EXAMPLES
pppoat -i tun -t udp udp.host=10.0.2.2 udp.port=5000
.SH BUGS
Please, report bugs to the GitHub issue tracker: <https://github.com/pasis/pppoat2/issues>
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Dmitry Podgorny <pasis.ua@gmail.com>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2012 \- 2019 Dmitry Podgorny <pasis.ua@gmail.com>.
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>
This is free software; you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
